event horizon

you are part of a space commune whose space flotilla is approaching the event horizon 
time loop type, where you set a 'day planner' and so can skip thru various configs like bad end theater 
different subplots - church of the hole, science unstable fuel thing , possible rescue
you're not in the black hole currently but your fuel will only last so long. spend it trying to hold on, or just party till the hole takes you?
exploring commune reveals new actions to take - help in garden, research, pray, play games 

the dark room type idle game, a space ship slowly regaining function
there's a part of your ship that nothing can escape from 
catch space debris, spend on fixing engines
oh someone is hitchiking on you, that's how you woke up. do they have something to do with the room 


'wiki web builder' prototype
info-cartography
using a subset of articles to test it. to make it fun, i added a little scavenger hunt 
it 'hallucinated' at least one page, so if you see any others, please mark them 

~100 pages
add some fake ones - Lena, sentient wikipedia bot, one on the 'guy' who sent you this 
  Lena add mind uploading
  attention = energy (Mental Energy)
  what you see sees you - bilateral observation principle . anything capable of being observed must also be capable of observing the hypothetical observer.
  silent smooth
  fake wikipedia mascot
some signal when getting close to 'hot' pages 
    dead internet theory, mobile agent, artificial life, emergence, Abiogenesis, Observer effect (physics)
    global brain/wikipedia

anomalies (important)
  what you see sees you 
  


Milton Gaareth
Milton 'RAM' Gaareth was an American computer scientist. 

described the internet as "a primordial soup of digital dna", theorizing that a form of intelligent, data-based lifeform was more likely to emerge naturally than   
  to be created by humans.
  "Our current artificial intelligence models, they just copy. And they're great at that, don't get me wrong. But it's a copy of something we already have.
  when I say 'digital organism', i'm talking about something brand new. i don't think that's something we make on purpose. 
  
  But for something to be alive, it has to sustain itself
  We should ask ourselves, if a digital organism did exists--or, perhaps, already does exist--what would it eat? where would it live? and would we recognize it 
  if we saw it?"

QUESTS
Dubious liquids ai slop, gray goo, primordial soup
reptiles (basilisk, oroborous, medusa, hydrra)
birds (astrochicken, stochastic_parrot, boids)
mind the gap finchley central,Leibnizs_gap, explanatory cap

anomalies (just for fun):
  mmacevedo
  silent smooth

skills
  25 pages: pages list
  50 pages: 'backtrack'
  75 pages: teleport to unseen page in sphere

an emergent form of life that exists online. has its own language
feed on attention, sentient wikipedia rabbit hole 
thank you for your generous donation of x minutes :) 

you're thinking about me now 
would you recognize me? 
this is one of my favorites!


infohazard has citation numbers . dead internet theory also
medusa has weird sections, manually remove?
'snow crash' should be italicized
vitalism - energy - aura - disturbance - worms?
distributed computing has weird shit at the bottom
qualia has citations and other references at bottom
emergence has bibliography at bottom



maybe
Multiple_discovery
dark forest theory , alien life shit 

removed 
Quine's paradox
Liar paradox
Paradox
thought experiments

Catch-22 (logic)
self-fulfilling prophecy
Streisand effect
The Button (Reddit)

Creepypasta
Make Money Fast
Jessica Mydek hoax letter
Sucker list
Virus hoax
Malware
Spamming
Chain letter
Copypasta
Brain rot
Elsagate

God of the gaps
Watchmaker analogy
Pascals wager
Divine incomprehensibility

hydra effect

Dennō Senshi Porygon (char error)