Tip: You can click on nodes you've visited to go back to them!
Tip: Some pages link to each other, but some only link one way
Tip: There's always more to learn!
I'll help you become a true virtual cartographer!

you've visited x% of available pages!
This is one of my favorites!

white ui getting more colorful 
fills with pzzle pieces? the whole talking thing might be too much 
have the 'pages' talk instead . Talk:
quick write more they're still reading
would you know us if you saw us?
just one more page 
but what if you missed something

Silent Smooth is a metaphysical entity which exists in the metaphysical realm. It is generally understood to be a malevolent force,
though this is impossible to verify, as there is only one reported encounter with it.
It is possible that Silent Smooth is actually an ill omen and does not bring about harm in of itself, seeing as the
witness was already being attacked before Silent Smooth appeared.

Origin

11:45 PM June 17, 2020. I was warned about this guy called 'Silent Smooth' while I was laying on my belly and being beaten up by nothing.
Then I was told if you think about silent smooth he WILL attack.
then i tried to move my fingers but they didn't move. I was then attacked by silent smooth. 
it was a bunch of punch, like pain on all over my back at a rapid pace (think the attack in smash bros brawn where you just hold a but it's hitting me in the back). 
And then the dream ends.


Silent Smooth may have originated as a brand of cigarettes from the 70's. It is hypothesized that Silent Smooth,
at least in this iteration, had the appearance of a cat wearing sunglasses. However, it could also be the case that Silent Smooth 
was actually the inspiration for the brand.

controversy
most skeptics will point out that discussion of silent smooth is, in of itself, proof that he is imaginary, as merely thinking about him
is said to provoke an attack. on the other hand, believers in silent smooth (or 'smooth truthers') are extremely rare. this may be because
to believe in silent smooth is to invite danger upon oneself. If they truly believe in Silent Smooth, then one must ask, what is to be gained 
by thinking about Silent Smooth? Why share knowledge they believe to be dangerous? do they wish to share their pain? do they hope to gain 
silent smooth's favor by delivering him new victims? Or do they, like the unknown harbinger in the dream, earnestly wish only to warn us of 
Silent Smooth?

Consider this a warning, then. Alredy my fngers r refysing to m
